Adding date filters for UBI model (#165)
opensearch-project/search-relevance: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

### Enhancements

> * Added filters for UBI events in implicit judgment calculations. ([#165](https://github.com/opensearch-project/search-relevance/pull/165))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added date filtering for UBI events in implicit judgment calculations. ([#165](https://github.com/opensearch-project/search-relevance/pull/165))
```
